Hello, you are watching bed and I am
Vishal Sharma.
Yesterday, ICICI Lombard's December quarter
results were released. Profit has come down from Rs 590 crore to Rs 352
crore. This is a decline of 40 percent.
Whereas if we
talk about its premium income, then a decline of one percent has been recorded in it, that
is, ICICI
Lombard's premium income has come
down from Rs 3836 crore to Rs
3792 crore. Now find out what the global
brokerage report is saying about ICICI Lombard.
Yesterday, it was
giving a buy rating on this stock. The target has been
reduced from Rs 1550 to Rs 1500. Morgan
Stanley is giving an overweight rating on the stock.
According to Morgan Stanley, this stock
can show a target of Rs 1495. It is
giving a buy rating on ICICI Lombard.
According to this, this stock
can show a price of Rs 1620 in the coming time.
Also know what opinion Credit Suisse is giving on the stock. It
can show in time. Let us tell you that right now
ICICI Lombard is trading at the level of Rs 1250.  It is
doing so, that is, if you
want a profit of 15 to 20 percent from here, then
you can invest in this stock as per the opinion of the brokerage report.
Now for
ICICI Prudential, its results have
come better than expected, profit has increased
from 199.5 crores to
220.6 crores, a 10 percent
increase has been seen in this, whereas a
decline has been recorded in premium income, premium income has
fallen from ₹9591 crores to ₹9464 crores, a
decline of one percent has been recorded in this also.
Now know what the global brokerage report is
saying on ICICI Prudential, CIL is
giving a buy opinion on CIL,
according to this the stock can show a target of 620,
whereas Margin Style has put the stock
in the overweight category, its target can be
630, whereas if we talk about Citi,
Citi is also giving a buy rating on this stock,
Citi has given a target of Rs 69 on the stock,
know what opinion it is giving on the stock,
Jefferies also agrees with Citi's opinion, it
also  ICICI Prudential has
given the bike a rating, according to which the share can
reach the level of 580 in the coming time. Now this
ICICI Prudential share is trading at 485, so
if you
want a profit of 20 percent, then as per the opinion of the brokerage report,
you can invest in this share. So, for
similar news related to the business world,
stay with us and keep watching
Vista
[Music].